Who the hell are you Ellie I paid good money for her
Okay, okay, please
It's not my fault
Her father set this up
Keep the money. He sold his own daughter. He told me once it's not his real daughters
She's adopted. Of course. I'm gonna scumbag be a real father
Break both of his hands lock him up
Ahh
Have someone investigate Ellie's background
For now keep that scumbag father of hers around
Yes, sir, but can we trust the drunks of words?
We've already mobilized the entire city's police force
Looking for Miss Harper. Yes
Any effort for hers worth it. Don't let me please don't let me
I'm sorry. I was too late
Why are you so good to me?
I'm not even worth it when I agree man's you'll never end